---
title: Make Money - Become a Card Holder
layout: make-money
---

<h4>Know someone with good credit?</h4>
Enhance Your Score is currently seeking additional cardholders who would like to make easy CASH off their good credit history. Help your friends and family by telling them about our program! We don't expect you to refer them to us for free, so we are offering you CASH for each new card holder who signs up.

<h4>How much cash for referrals?</h4>
Cards under 2 years old, regardless of the limit: $100
Cards over 2 years old, but limits under $5k: $150
Cards over 2 years old, $5,000-$24,999 limits: $250
Cards over 2 years old, $25,000 limit and higher: $300

If a card holder has more than one qualifying card you will receive a referral fee equal to the highest dollar amount associated with that card in the above chart.

<h4>How much can a card holder make?</h4>
Cardholders can make anywhere from $25 to $200 for each person they add as an authorized user to their credit card, and each credit card has anywhere from 5 total available AU spots up to 10, meaning that on average they could make upwards of $1000 per month, PER CARD, depending on the credit limit and payment history of the card they hold.  The smallest amount made by a cardholder in 2010 was $1,800, and the highest paid cardholder in our program made $88,000 for the year. The more cards a cardholder has in our program, the higher the limit, and the longer the payment history, the more money they can make. In some situations, we will consider paying a higher premium for cards that have exceptionally high limits and age. Please speak with us for more information on these types of accounts.

<h4>How do you qualify someone to become a card holder? </h4>
A cardholder must have credit cards with perfect payment history (no 30 day lates).The credit cards must have at least 6 months of payment history.Cardholder must be able to maintain a 10% or less balance on their credit card(s).A cardholder must be able to add someone to their card within 2 days of email notification that they have a new client.

<h4>Potential risk to card holders</h4>
Making money off your credit cards is extremely easy and it almost sounds too good to be true, but of course with anything there is a risk.  The only known risk to our cardholders is the slight chance that the credit card company figures out that the cardholder is making money off of their credit cards and the credit card company will do one of two things: 1) Close the cardholder’s revolving account, or 2) leave it open, but disallow the cardholder to add any more authorized users to their account.  As an overall average, the first possibility only happens to about 15% of our credit cards, while the second situation happens to only about 5% of all of the credit cards in our program.If a new cardholder is worried about having their credit card closed, we suggest that they apply for a new credit card when they sign up for our program, just in case the one they are selling spots on gets closed.  If it does, the cardholder will still have a credit card to use if they need to, and could potentially begin selling the new card in our program, as well.The histories of credit card accounts that have been closed continue to be calculated into the credit score, even if the account is closed, prompting little to no effect on the cardholders’ credit score/report. However, if the cardholder is carrying revolving debt on other credit cards, and has an account closed, their “overall utilization ratio” will be impacted, which could lead to a lower credit score.Either way, our current cardholders unanimously agree that they would rather have the cash than the credit. While getting a new card to replace one that may get closed is easy, the cash we pay through this system certainly is not.

<h4>Required role for card holders </h4>
Every credit card account in our program must be used regularly, but must always maintain a balance of less than 10% of the available credit card limit.If a balance is over 10%, it must be paid down before the credit card’s reporting date, which is listed on your credit report with TrueCredit.com, and is not necessarily the due date of your payment.Allow a small balance to report each month to ensure that your credit card company reports the history as expected. If the credit card history for your account is not reported for an Authorized User that has been added to your account, then you do not get paid for that addition until it does.Once a client has paid us for the service, signed and returned the contract, and we have validated their information to be accurate and true, our system will automatically send an email to the Cardholder with instructions on how to securely view the new client’s personal data (SSN, DOB, and name) on a secure page on our web site. The Cardholder will then call their credit card Issuing Bank, and add the client(s) as authorized user(s) to their credit cards no more than 3 days later than receipt, but before each individual credit card’s reporting date. Do NOT print the client’s sensitive information or copy it anywhere outside of the secure web site, as doing so can create an unnecessary security risk.Immediately following the addition of the AU to the credit card account, please reply to our email to let us know that the addition is complete.Within 7-10 business days, the Issuing Bank will mail a physical credit card directly to the Primary Cardholder with the name of the client (Authorized User) and the account number on the front of the card. The Cardholder must fax or email a copy of the credit card with the authorized user name displayed, making certain to remove the 16 digit account number and 4 digit expiration date prior to sending.  Verification with each client that the history for your credit card has reported to their credit report is required before payment is made to the Cardholder.The Operations Manager will inform the Cardholder when they can remove an authorized user from the credit card, and will then send over new clients to be added, and the whole process starts all over again.